show class in table header (#11660)
astropy/astropy: docs/changes/table/11660.other.rst

> For mixins, ``Table`` shows the object's class' qualitative name, not "object",

Reviewer: I would call this an API change since it introduces a substantive change in the output of certain table methods. Thus change the name to `11660.api.rst`. However, I don't think this will be a highly impacting change for most users since those print/format methods are largely used for interactive work. However, like you have seen here in astropy there might be a number of doctests or unit tests that start failing as a result.

Author: Good point. Changing the designation.

> For mixins, ``Table`` shows the object's class' qualitative name, not "object",
> except in the edge case of a blank name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Printing a ``Table`` now shows the qualified class name of mixin columns in the
dtype header row  instead of "object". This applies to all the ``Table`` formatted output
methods whenever ``show_dtype=True`` is selected.
```
I think the "edge case" is too contrived to deserve mention here, despite the logical possibility in the code. I am not aware of a reason anyone would make a mixin column class that has a blank class name.
